2 class variables:
              class variables are variables shared among all instances of class
              instance variables are unique to each instance of the class.

              init method runs every time when we create new employee object.

3 class methods vs static methods:
    regular methods in class automatically takes the self as the  instance as the first argument

    decorator altering the functionality of the method.
    cls as received as first argument instead of the instance.
    class methods use as alternative constructors to provide multiple ways of creating our objects.
10:24   static methods:
        regular methods automatically pass the instance as the first argument like self.

        for class method we use @classmethod decorator
        class methods automatically pass the instances as the first argument like cls.
        static methods automatically pass the instances as the first argument as empty.(no need pass anything)
        (they don't pass instance or class as the argument)

        for static method we use @staticmethod decorator.
        static method does not depend on any instance or class method.


4 Inheritance
        Inheritance allows us to Inherit attributes and methods from parent class.
Method Resolution Order---3:34
            it will go from down to top
            it will check like that first within the class if it is not found then it will
            check in parent class
            every class in python inherits from base object.
11:37
           you never want to pass mutable data types in parameters like lists or dictionary
            as default arguments

17:00        python has two built in functions isinstance and issubclass
            isinstance-->if an object is an instance of class
            issubclass-->if a class is subclass of another class

               python whisky library  is very popular library




5 Special(Magic/Dunder) Methods

repr            used for debugging purpose and for another developers to see the code.
str             used for display output to users. it is readable format.


6 Property Decorator:

2:18    it allows define a method but we can access it like an attribute
4:00    define our mail in our class like method but we can access it like attribute.








